doc: Add CSI migration status update blog post (#35879)
kubernetes/website: content/en/blog/_posts/2022-08-01-csi-migration-status.md

| GCE PD           | 1.14          | 1.17                      | 1.23                 | 1.25          | 1.27 (Target)                   |
| OpenStack Cinder | 1.14          | 1.18                      | 1.21                 | 1.24          | 1.26 (Target)                   |
| Portworx         | 1.23          | 1.25                      | 1.26 (Target)        | 1.27 (Target) | 1.29 (Target)                   |
| vSphere          | 1.18          | 1.19                      | 1.25                 | 1.26 (Target) | 1.28 (Target)                   |

The following storage drivers will not have CSI migration support.
The `scaleio`, `flocker`, `quobyte` and `storageos` drivers were removed; the others are deprecated and will be removed from core Kubernetes in the coming releases.

| Driver    | Deprecated | Code Removal  |
| --------- | ---------- | ------------- |
| Flocker   | 1.22       | 1.25          |
| GlusterFS | 1.25       | 1.26 (Target) |
| Quobyte   | 1.22       | 1.25          |
| ScaleIO   | 1.16       | 1.22          |
| StorageOS | 1.22       | 1.25          |

## What does it mean for the core CSI Migration feature to go GA?

> Core CSI Migration goes to GA means that the general framework, core library and api for CSI migration is stable moving forward.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Core CSI Migration goes to GA means that the general framework, core library and API for CSI migration is stable
for Kubernetes v1.25 and will be part of future Kubernetes releases as well
```

Author: Done

This enables a smooth transition for end users. Additionally as storage plugin developers, we can reduce the burden of maintaining the in-tree storage plugins and eventually remove them from the core Kubernetes binary.

## What is the timeline / status? {#timeline-and-status}

The current and targeted releases for each individual driver is shown in the table below:

| Driver           | Alpha         | Beta (in-tree deprecated) | Beta (on-by-default) | GA            | Target "in-tree plugin" removal |
| ---------------- | ------------- | ------------------------- | -------------------- | ------------- | ------------------------------- |
| AWS EBS          | 1.14          | 1.17                      | 1.23                 | 1.25          | 1.27 (Target)                   |
| Azure Disk       | 1.15          | 1.19                      | 1.23                 | 1.25          | 1.27 (Target)                   |

> | Azure File       | 1.15          | 1.21                      | 1.24                 | 1.26 (Target) | 1.27 (Target)                   |

Reviewer 2: Should we wait for 2 releases until 1.28 to remove Azure File in-tree plugin?

Author: Done
